NARRATOR As our heroes
continue to make their way
toward Coumarine City
and Ash's next Gym battle
the forest
they're passing through
has everyone a bit nervous.
Will we get
to the Pokémon Center soon?
[NERVOUS]
Looks like it should be
just through this forest.
It's only a little bit farther.
So don't worry, please.
Okay.
[screaming]
What was that?
That had to be a Pokémon!
Let's see!
[panting]
[UPSET]
SNUBBULL
‐ Huh?
‐ That's, it's a Snubbull!
SERENA 'And that Hawlucha's
threatening it!'
Thunderbolt, Pikachu, Go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[SCARED]
[PAINED]
What's up with them?
Hey, are you alright?
[SHOCKED]
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
[screaming]
What was that for?
[WORRIED]
Uh, you see, we were trying
to give you a hand.
[screaming]
[gasping]
Huh? What's going on?
What have all of you done?
You will stop interrupting
our rehearsal right now!
Huh? A rehearsal? Whoa!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest
to be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
WHEN LIGHT AND DARK COLLIDE!
My name's Carl
and I'm the theater director.
Hi, I'm Ash
and this is my partner, Pikachu.
‐ I'm Serena.
‐ I'm Clemont.
My name's Bonnie.
And this is Dedenne.
[CURIOUS]
I'm sorry, I didn't know
what was happening.
And because of me
Gallade got hurt.
Don't worry, it's alright.
See, it looked to us like
Snubbull was in big trouble.
We had no idea
what was really going on.
We're in rehearsals for
the Super Pokémon Battle Show.
"Super Pokémon Battle Show?"
Entertainment that goes
far beyond the Pokémon battle!
The perfect blend
of theatrics and battling
the likes of which
have never been seen before!
[CONCERNED]
I don't get it. Sorry.
In other words, it's a battle
with a scripted plot line.
‐ Hm?
‐ Please allow me to explain.
The show's about
a villain called Dark
and a hero called Shining.
The two of them
settle their differences
with a showdown battle. Huh?
'Oh, Gallade!'
Gallade's treatment is complete.
[HAPPY]
Uh, is that leg
going to be okay?
I'd give it two or three days
for it to heal up.
Two to three days?
Then it won't be able to perform
in tomorrow's
Super Pokémon Battle Show.
[ANGRY]
Absolutely not!
If you don't get enough rest,
it'll take even longer to heal.
[UPSET]
‐ Aw..
Well, it'll be alright.
What can we do?
We'll just have
to cancel the show.
Ah. It's my fault.
I had no business
getting in the middle of it
in the first place.
[AGREEMENT]
You were only trying to help.
Huh? I know!
What if you were to put in
a different Pokémon
to play the hero?
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh.
That's a good idea.
Except, I'm afraid
we don't have an understudy.
I'm sure Ash's Hawlucha
could do it.
‐ Huh?
Time is short,
but we have nothing to lose
if we give it a try.
Won't you consider
helping us out, please?
Of course, I will.
[EXCITED]
Thank you!
Alright, let me go
rewrite the script
'for tomorrow's performance.'
Brilliant. A great idea!
[chuckles]
Now, Ash,
time to bring out Hawlucha!
Okay. Hawlucha, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
[AGREEMENT]
Check this out,
this won't be a real battle.
It'll be make‐believe.
[CURIOUS]
The plot is essentially
as I described it.
This scene is the showdown
between Shining Hawlucha
the hero, and Dark Hawlucha.
It's the all‐important moment
when the hero rescues
the Lady Snubbull!
'Initially, the villain
will have the advantage'
'but with spectators
cheering our hero on'
Shining Hawlucha will stage
a powerful comeback and win!
What a plot! It sets me on fire!
You can do it. It sounds great.
[AGREEMENT]
CARL
'And go!'
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
Dark Hawlucha,
throw your opponent right now!
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
Go back!
You're supposed to get thrown!
They call it acting!
It's only make‐believe,
it's not real!
[EXASPERATED]
Please
let Dark Hawlucha throw you!
Run to the wall
and then come back
to where Dark Hawlucha is!
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[EXCITED]
Huh? Oh..
[WORRIED]
No, that's wrong!
This isn't a real battle,
remember, Hawlucha?
We know how much
it hates losing.
It's an act! There's no
real loser and no winner!
All of this drama's starting
to give me a tummy ache.
[AGREEMENT]
Please, Hawlucha, you've got
to do what Carl tells you to do.
[CONFUSED]
[ANGRY]
Okay, let's rehearse this scene
one more time
so we can get it just right.
Shining Hawlucha, our hero
you're being attacked
by Dark Hawlucha
'and about to lose!'
[PAINED]
'You hit the wall,
then rush back!'
'Then Dark Hawlucha
unleashes its Karate Chop!'
[KARATE CHOP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
[all gasping]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
‐ No! That's not right!
ASH What're you doing?
Hawlucha! Stop it, both of you!
[EXERTION]
Knock it off!
[ANGRY]
Hm..
No.
[chuckles]
The Pokémon performing in
the Super Pokémon Battle Show
are quite popular
with the masses, no doubt.
I'm sure the Boss thinks
they're cool, too
so if we grab them
and turn them into gifts..
He'll have his own
Super Pokémon Battle Show
to watch any time he wants.
Or think of the money we'd make.
People love a good show
and we'd be
the only one in town!
So I suggest
we get our show on the road.
[UPSET]
‐ 'Hawlucha?'
‐ Don't be sad.
We all know
you can do a great job.
Serena's right!
Remember, this is the first time
you've ever acted, right?
[UPSET]
So get back in there.
[EXCITED]
[CONFUSED]/[SURPRISED]
‐ Huh?
What was that?
Dark Hawlucha?
Maybe it's working
on stage dives.
It sure moves fast.
‐ 'You noticed, eh?'
‐ Huh?
ASH
'Carl!'
It is quick.
Although Dark Hawlucha
only battles in shows now
it was so powerful
that it competed in
and won the Kalos region's
prestigious
Fighting‐type
Pokémon Tournament.
You're looking
at a true champion.
[crowd cheering]
Whoa. Dark Hawlucha
was a champion?
[SURPRISED]
Yes, and I coached it
in many tournaments
but during one of those
tournaments it was hurt.
Hawlucha hasn't competed
in a full‐on battle
ever since that injury.
So that's why I came up with
the Super Pokémon Battle Show
which is much less
physically demanding
than a Pokémon battle is.
So that's what happened.
These days
Dark Hawlucha works hard
to make our Super Pokémon
Battle Shows the best.
Lighting up the stage
is its number‐one goal.
So it takes genuine pride
in performing.
Yes, regardless of injury,
Dark Hawlucha's always been
a very proud Pokémon.
[STUNNED]
[CURIOUS]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Snubbull!
[EXERTION]
ASH
You got that?
After you're thrown,
you bounce off the wall
and then Dark Hawlucha
will use Karate Chop on you.
[AGREEMENT]
BONNIE
'Ready and go!'
[EXERTION]
[grunting]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
ASH
'Keep it up! One more time!'
HAWLUCHA
[EXERTION]
Alright,
that's it for rehearsal!
All that's left
is tomorrow's show.
Let's give it our all.
I wonder if Hawlucha
will be okay.
I must admit I'm concerned.
Don't worry,
Hawlucha's gonna be just fine.
[AGREEMENT]
MAN #1 'Good evening
to the twenty million'
'Super Pokémon Battle Show fans
across the region!'
'Get ready for a night
of red‐hot action.'
'Let's hear you cheer!'
[crowd cheering]
Whoa. So many people.
I know. Even I'm nervous.
I wonder
if Hawlucha's nervous, too.
Hawlucha can handle it.
No doubt. What do you think?
[AGREEMENT]
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles]
Hey, Jessie,
you okay over there?
The allure of the spotlight.
It's calling my name!
‐ Stop!
‐ Chill!
If you'll just cool your jets
long enough to think
you'll remember the plan
is to crash
the Super Pokémon Battle Show
during halftime
and swipe all of those
primo Pokémon!
‐ Ugh!
‐ 'Who cares?'
‐ Uh..
‐ Huh?
‐ Who's that?
[CURIOUS]
Huh?
Hm. Hah!
'No turning back now.'
‐ Ta‐da!
Yeah!
TEAM ROCKET
Ta‐da!
[indistinct chatter]
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
‐ Hold on! Who are you?
Prepare for trouble,
but not in the show.
And make it double,
we'll go with the flow.
Hm, to protect the world
from second‐rate actors.
To unite the crowd
against detractors.
To denounce the evils
of no class.
To extend our reach
and do it en masse.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
like a shooting star.
Surrender the stage now. If not,
better get ready to spar.
Meowth. There you are!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Team Rocket?
‐ Stop! Dumb motto.
Do you actually know
who these buffoons are?
They're bad guys who steal
other people's Pokémon.
Quiet! We're here because
I'm going to steal the show.
If someone doesn't get rid
of these yahoos
I'm going to flip my lid!
Right!
[DETERMINED]
[FOCUSED]
Urgh, I'm supposed to be
under the spotlight
so you stay out of it!
No, get on point.
Stealing their Pokémon
is why we're really here.
Look, these melodramatic
ding‐a‐lings have just made
our joyous job
a whole lot easier.
We'll draw those dopes right in
like a chump to the flame.
Step aside
and stop being so lame.
I guess stardom can wait.
Pumpkaboo, on stage!
Okay, Inkay! Hm..
[APPEARING]
[DETERMINED]
Inkay, use Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ 'Pikachu!'
‐ Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
[AGREEMENT]
[STARTLED]
[DETERMINED]
Huh?
‐ Use Psybeam!
‐ You use Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[EXERTION]
[screaming]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Yeah! Alright!
[HAPPY]
[AGREEMENT]
[crowd cheering]
Hey, look! The audience thinks
it was part of the show!
[sighs]
Alright,
then the show must go on.
MAN #1
'Thanks for your enthusiasm!'
'Next up,
our evening's main event'
'The Super Pokémon Battle!'
[PAINED]
'Oh, no!'
'Dark Hawlucha
is trying to take away'
'Lady Snubbull
who doesn't look happy!'
'But look up,
it's the hero of justice'
'Shining Hawlucha!'
[PAINED]
Hawlucha, are you okay?
[WORRIED]
Please, you two
have got to stay calm.
[AGREEMENT]
[indistinct chatter]
[EXERTION]
You've got to keep going.
The show's just
getting started.
Hawlucha, you can do it.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXHAUSTED]/[SURPRISED]
[ENCOURAGING]
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Huh?
What in the world
are those two doing?
[EXERTION]
‐ That's not in the script.
‐ What's going on?
Carl, maybe
you should stop them!
No, wait.
Shining, go! Shining, go!
[crowd chanting] Shining, go!
Shining, go!
Shining, go! Shining, go!
'Shining, go!
Shining, go! Shining, go..'
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Look at that expression.
I haven't seen it in so long.
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[crowd cheering]
[crowd chanting] 'Dark, you can
do it! Dark, you can do it!'
'Dark, you can do it!
Dark, you can do it!'
'Dark, you can do it!'
[EXERTION]
Look at 'em go!
‐ The audience is going wild!
‐ Look at that!
Dark Hawlucha's changing the
script on the fly for Hawlucha!
Ah, of course,
Dark Hawlucha's moved
by Hawlucha's
raw determination and spirit!
How could I ever stop
Dark Hawlucha
with passion like that?
Go, both of you!
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Stay strong, Hawlucha!
[AGREEMENT]
Just a little bit more!
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
Yeah, way to go!
[EXERTION]
Close call.
Dark Hawlucha
won't give up, either!
[EXERTION]
‐ Oh.
‐ Wish I could understand them.
I wish I could
understand them, too
but there's no doubt
that Dark Hawlucha's having
a wonderful time.
I'm sure it wants this moment
to last forever.
[EXERTION]
[crowd cheering]
[PAINED]
Wow! Magnificent!
I was worried about the outcome
but I never thought
it would end like this.
‐ Thank goodness.
‐ What a nerve‐racking show.
You said it. I guess all's well
that ends well. Right?
[EXERTION]/[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
[crowd cheering]
Thanks for everything.
[AGREEMENT]
That was a wonderful experience
I'll never forget.
A show like
I've never seen before.
Yeah. I sure had a lot of fun!
[AGREEMENT]
You know, I'm the one
who should be
thanking all of you.
I know
Dark Hawlucha's satisfied
and the crowd had a great time.
MAN #2 'Okay, we're all ready
to go, Carl.'
Then we'll be right there.
Will there be more
Super Pokémon Battle Shows?
Yup. Of course!
Gallade's leg is fully healed.
We'll be putting on
Super Pokémon Battle Shows
everywhere we can.
Good luck, you guys.
Good luck to you
with your battling.
Let's promise to give it
all we've got.
Right.
[AGREEMENT]
[FRIENDLY]
NARRATOR A proud hardworking
Dark Hawlucha
has inspired our heroes
with a courageous performance
at the Super Pokémon
Battle Show.
Now it's on the road once again
to the Coumarine City Gym
as the Kalos region
journey continues.
[theme music]